Nice to meet you, where you been?
I could show you incredible things.
Magic, madness, heaven, sin.
Saw you there and I thought,
Oh my God, look at that face!
You look like my next mistake!
Love's a game, wanna play?
New money, suit and tie;
I can read you like a magazine.
Ain't it funny, rumors fly
And I know you heard about me.
So hey, let's be friends!
I'm dying to see how this one ends.
Grab your passport and my hand.
I can make the bad guys good for a weekend.
So it's gonna be forever,
Or it's gonna go down in flames.
You can tell me when it's over;
If the high was worth the pain.
Got a long list of ex-lovers,
They'll tell you I'm insane.
Because you know I love the players
And you love the game.
Because we're young and we're reckless
We'll take this way too far.
It'll leave you breathless
Or with a nasty scar.
Got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane.
But I have got a blank space, baby
And I will write your name.
Cherry lips, crystal skies
I could show you incredible things.
Stolen kisses, pretty lies
you are the King, baby, I'm your Queen.
Find out what you want.
Be that girl for a month.
Wait, the worst is yet to come, oh no!
Screaming, crying, perfect storms;
I can make all the tables turn.
Rose garden filled with thorns.
Keep you second guessing like
Oh my God, who is she?
I get drunk on jealousy.
But you'll come back each time you leave
Because, darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream.
Boys only want love if it's torture.
Do not say I didn't say, I didn't warn ya.
Boys only want love if it's torture.
Do not say I didn't say, I didn't warn ya.

Yeah, it's pretty clear. I ain't no size two.
But I can shake it, shake it
Like I'm supposed to do.
Because I got that boom boom that all the boys chase
And all the right junk in all the right places.
I see the magazine workin' that Photoshop.
We know that shit ain't real
C'mon now, make it stop.do not
If you got beauty, beauty, just raise 'em up.
Because every inch of you is perfect
From the bottom to the top.
Yeah, my mama she told me do not worry about your size.
She says boys like a little more booty to hold at night.
You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll.
So if that's what you are into then go ahead and move along.
Because you know I'm
All about that bass
'Bout that bass, no treble.
I'm all about that bass
'Bout that bass, no treble.
I'm all about that bass
'Bout that bass, no treble.
I'm all about that bass
'Bout that bass.
Hey!
I'm bringing booty back!
Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that!
No, I'm just playing. I know you think you are fat!
But I'm here to tell ya.
Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top.

My lover's got humor:
She's the giggle at a funeral.
Knows everybody's disapproval,
I should've worshiped her sooner.
If the heavens ever did speak,
She's the last true mouthpiece.
Every Sunday's getting more bleak
A fresh poison each week.
We were born sick, you heard them say it.
My Church offers no absolutes.
She tells me, worship in the bedroom.
The only heaven I will be sent to
Is when I'm alone with you.
I was born sick,
But I love it.
Command me to be well.
Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen.
Take me to church.
I will worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies.
I will tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife.
Offer me that deathless death.
Good God, let me give you my life.
If I'm a pagan of the good times,
My lover's the sunlight.
To keep the Goddess on my side,
She demands a sacrifice.
Drain the whole sea,
Get something shiny.
Something meaty for the main course,
That's a fine looking high horse.
What you got in the stable?
We've a lot of starving faithful.
That looks tasty.
That looks plenty.
This is hungry work.
No Masters or Kings
When the Ritual begins.
There is no sweeter innocence than our gentle sin.
In the madness and soil of that sad earthly scene,
Only then I am Human,
Only then I am Clean.
Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen.

I stay out too late.
Got nothing in my brain.
That's what people say.
I go on too many dates,
But I can't make them stay.
At least that's what people say.
That's what people say.
But I keep cruising.
Can not stop, won't stop moving.
It's like I got this music
In my mind
Saying it's gonna be alright.
Because the players gonna play, play, play, play, play.
And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake.
I shake it off, I shake it off.
Heart-breakers gonna break, break, break, break, break.
And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake.
Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake.
I shake it off, I shake it off.
I never miss a beat.
I'm lightning on my feet.
And that's what they do not see.
That's what they do not see.
I'm dancing on my own.
I make the moves up as I go.
And that's what they do not know.
That's what they do not know.
Shake it off, I shake it off,
I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off,
I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off,
I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off.
Hey, hey, hey!
Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world,
You could've been getting down to this sick beat.
My ex-man brought his new girlfriend
She's like oh, my god! but I'm just gonna shake.
And to the fella over there with the hella good hair,
Won't you come on over, baby? We can shake, shake, shake!

Baby, I'm preying on you tonight.
Hunt you down, eat you alive.
Just like animals, animals, like animals.
Maybe you think that you can hide.
I can smell your scent for miles.
Just like animals, animals, like animals.
So what you trying to do to me?
It's like we can't stop we're enemies.
But we get along when I'm inside you.
you are like a drug that's killing me,
I cut you out entirely.
But I get so high when I'm inside you.
Yeah, you can start over, you can run free.
You can find other fish in the sea.
You can pretend it's meant to be.
But you can't stay away from me.
I can still hear you making that sound.
Taking me down, rolling on the ground.
You can pretend that it was me,
So if I run it's not enough,
you are still in my head- forever stuck.
So you can do what you wanna do.
I love your lies, I will eat 'em up.
But do not deny the animal
That comes alive when I'm inside you.
Do not tell no lie.
You can't deny.
That beast inside.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yo.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Just like animals, animals, like animals.
Ow.

You and me, we made a vow:
For better or for worse.
I can't believe you let me down
But the proof's in the way it hurts.
For months on end I have had my doubts,
Denying every tear.
I wish this would be over now
But I know that I still need you here.
You say I'm crazy
Because you do not think I know what you've done.
But when you call me baby,
I know I'm not the only one.
You've been so unavailable.
Now sadly I know why.
Your heart is unobtainable
Even though Lord knows you kept mine.
Maybe I am just not enough.
You've made me realize my deepest fear
By lying and tearing us up.
I know I'm not the only one.
I know I'm not the only one.
And I know.
I know I'm not the only one.

When your legs do not work like they used to before,
And I can't sweep you off of your feet.
Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love?
Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks?
And, darling, I will be loving you 'til we're 70.
And, baby, my heart could still fall as hard at 23.
And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways.
Maybe just the touch of a hand?
Well, me—I fall in love with you every single day
And I just wanna tell you I am.
So honey now,
Take me into your loving arms.
Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars.
Place your head on my beating heart.
I'm thinking out loud
That maybe we found love right where we are.
When my hair's all but gone and my memory fades.
And the crowds do not remember my name.
When my hands do not play the strings the same way.
I know you will still love me the same.
Because honey your soul could never grow old, it's evergreen.
And, baby, your smile's forever in my mind and memory.

I do not like the way he's looking at you.
I'm starting to think you want him too.
Am I crazy, have I lost ya?
Even though I know you love me, can't help it.
I turn my chin music up
And I'm puffing my chest.
I'm getting red in the face;
You can call me obsessed.
It's not your fault that they hover.
I mean no disrespect.
It's my right to be hellish,
I still get jealous.
Because you are too sexy, beautiful
And everybody wants a taste
That's why. 
I still get jealous.
I wish you didn't have to post it all.
I wish you'd save a little bit just for me.
Protective or possessive, yeah.
Call it passive or aggressive.
you are the only one invited.
I said there's no one else for you.
Because you know I get excited, yeah.
When you get jealous too.
Oh!
I still get jealous!


We're a thousand miles from comfort, we have traveled land and sea.
But as long as you are with me, there's no place I'd rather be.
I would wait forever, exalted in the scene.
As long as I am with you, my heart continues to beat.
With every step we take, Kyoto to The Bay, strolling so casually.
We're different and the same, get you another name. Switch up the batteries.
If you gave me a chance I would take it.
It's a shot in the dark but I'll make it.
Know with all of your heart, you can't shake me.
When I am with you, there's no place I'd rather be.
no place I'd rather be.
We staked out on a mission to find our inner peace.
Make it everlasting so nothing's incomplete.
It's easy being with you, sacred simplicity.
As long as we're together, there's no place I'd rather be.

She sees them walking in a straight line, that's not really her style.
And they all got the same heartbeat, but hers is falling behind.
Nothing in this world could ever bring them down.
Yeah, they're invincible, and she's just in the background.
And she says, I wish that I could be like the cool kids,
'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to fit in.
I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids.
He sees them talking with a big smile, but they haven't got a clue.
Yeah, they're living the good life, can't see what he is going through.
They're driving fast cars, but they don't know where they're going.
In the fast lane, living life without knowing.
And he says,
I wish that I could be like the cool kids.
And they said,
I wish that I could be like the cool kids,
'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to fit in.
I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids.
I wish that I could be like the cool kids,
'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to fit in.
I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids.
I wish that I could be like the cool kids,
'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to get it.
I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids.

Saturday morning jumped out of bed and put on my best suit.
Got in my car and raced like a jet, all the way to you.
Knocked on your door with heart in my hand to ask you a question 
because I know that you’re an old-fashioned man.
Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life? say yes, say yes
‘cause I need to know,
You say I’ll never get your blessing ’til the day I die.
Tough luck, my friend, but the answer is no!
Why you gotta be so rude?
Don’t you know I’m human too?
why you gotta be so rude?
I’m gonna marry her anyway!
marry that girl,
marry her anyway.
marry that girl.
yeah, no matter what you say.
marry that girl
and we’ll be a family.
Why you gotta be so rude?

We're no strangers to love.
You know the rules and so do I.
A full commitment is what I'm thinking of.
You wouldn't get this from any other guy.
I just want to tell you how I'm feeling,
gotta make you understand.
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down.
Never gonna run around and desert you.
Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye.
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
We've known each other for so long.
Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it.
Inside we both know what's been going on.
We know the game and we're gonna play it.
And if you ask me how I'm feeling, don't tell me you're too blind to see.

You lift my heart up when the rest of me is down.
You, you enchant me even when you’re not around.
If there are boundaries, I will try to knock them down.
I’m latching on, babe, now I know what I have found.
I feel we’re close enough,
I wanna lock in your love.
I think we’re close enough,
Could I lock in your love, baby?
Now I got you in my space
I won’t let go of you.
Got you shackled in my embrace
I’m latching on to you.
I’m so encaptured, got me wrapped up in your touch.
Feel so enamored, hold me tight within your clutch.
How do you do it, you got me losing every breath.
What did you give me to make my heart beat out my chest.

Am I wrong for thinking out the box from where I stay?
Am I wrong for saying that I choose another way?
I ain’t trying to do what everybody else doing.
Just cause everybody doing what they all do.
If one thing I know, I’ll fall but I’ll grow.
I’m walking down this road of mine, this road that I call home.
So am I wrong?
For thinking that we could be something for real?
Now am I wrong?
For trying to reach the things that I can’t see?
But that’s just how I feel,
That’s just how I feel.
That’s just how I feel.
Trying to reach the things that I can’t see.
Am I tripping for having a vision?
My prediction: Imma be on the top of the world.
Walk your walk and don’t look back, always do what you decide.
Don’t let them control your life, that’s just how I feel.
Fight for yours and don’t let go, don’t let them compare you, no.
Don’t worry, you’re not alone, that’s just how we feel.

